refactor(application-components): add optional prop to modal page transform property (#2387)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: packages/application-components/src/components/modal-pages/tabular-modal-page/tabular-modal-page.mdx

| `shouldDelayOnClose`      | `bool`             |    -     | `true`                   | Sets whether the ModalPage should delay calling its `onClose` function to allow the closing animation time to finish. This can be turned off if the developer is controlling the ModalPage only through the `isOpen` prop, and not abruptly mounting/unmounting it or one of its parent elements. You might also want to turn this off if you need to display a Prompt (for example to save changes) on the ModalPage before navigating out of it, as this option makes the Modal close itself before `onClose` is called. |

> | `afterOpenStyles`               | `string` or `object`       |    -     | -                        | The CSS styles applied to `afterOpen` class after the modal has been opened.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `afterOpenStyles`               | `string` or `object`       |    -     | -                        | Overwrite the default styles of `afterOpen`. You can pass a "class name" or a CSS-in-JS style object. This should be used only in cases the default styles are causing some layout issues.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```
